i am making a volunteer recruiting website for NGOs . Structure of this website: First, a move forward page will open which has 2 options, recruiter and volunteer. When you click on volunteer, a home page for volunteer opens. On this home page , there is information about the causes for which different NGOs work , some paragraphs to motivate the reader to volunteer, and the option to login or signup, when one signs up, they enter details like username, email-id, password ,mobile no., etc. When one logs in, they enter the username and pass-word. After signing up, they have to login. Only after logging in, they can go to the next page. The next page is the application page. Here, the information of the NGOs that are recruiting is present in the form of small cards. Each card has a button at the bottom which says apply now. This card doesn't contain all information about the NGO only some part of it. if you want to read further, you can click on more...Now , after clicking on apply now, the volunteer will be sent to an application form, where they have to fill in details like Name, Surname, expertise, skills, resume, a drop-down to select the roles they can volunteer in ,etc. After clicking on submit, this information of the application form goes to the recruiters profile page. Now these pages were for volunteer. On the move forward page , when you click on recruiter, a login page should open up which asks for id and password. This id and password is already in the database, with specifications for particular NGOs. Now, after logging in, the recruiter can see the profile of their NGO where the same information is present as that on the application page of the volunteer. The profile, along with the id and password of the NGO is already created, i.e. no manual input, profile already in the system. The recruiter can see the applications of the volunteer on the NGOs' profiles dashboard, the recruiter can see all the information of this volunteer that he filled in the application form. The recruiter has 2 options, to accept the application or to put it on waiting list. When the recruiter clicks on the accept option, an email should be sent to the volunteer, that your application has been accepted. The email should also contain details regarding the the volunteering session like the date, time, etc. When the recruiter clicks on the put on waiting list option, the volunteer must get an email, saying their application has been put on waiting list.

the volunteer side has one more addition, in the application page, along with the apply now button for the NGO the volunteer also has a button, saying suggestions, where they can put their suggestions, and these suggestions can be seen with the volunteer's name and place, on the recruiters dashboard